38  Sets the curve of the LFO. Choose between: Square, Sine, or Triangle. The most common LFO curve in Tremolo is Triangle. Try the Square waveform with 100% Depth, to get holes in your guitar sound (called Transforming).  Pulsewidth   (only in Advanced)  Controls the division of the upper and lower part of the current waveform, e.g. if Pulsewidth is set to 75%, the upper half of the waveform will be on for 75% of the time.  LFO Phase   (only in Advanced)  An LFO phase change causes a small delay in one of the waveform starting points. This means that left and right outputs start the current waveform at two different points. Example: If LFO phase is set 180º, left and right will be exactly opposite.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Pulsewidth  Square Triangle Sine  Speed  Controls the speed of the Panner. The simple Panner always pans fully left and right.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Curve   (only in Advanced)  Sets the curve of the LFO. Choose between: Square, Sine, or Triangle. The most commonly used curve in Panning is Sine.  Pulsewidth   (only in Surround Panner)  Controls the division of the left and right part of the current waveform, i.e. if Pulsewidth is set to 75%, left channel will be on for 75% of the time. (see pulsewidth figure in Tremolo).  LFO Phase   (only in Surround Panner)  An LFO phase change causes a small delay in one of the waveform starting points. This means that left and right outputs start the current waveform at two different points.  Example:   If LFO phase is set 180º, left and right will be exactly opposite.  LFO PHASE  Pan Center  Using this parameter, you can move the center of the Panner.  90 phase change