26  This is the display where you set up the parameters for the internal modifiers. Use the Parameter wheel to select the modifier you want to edit and press Enter to access the parameters of the current modifier. Pressing Enter will enable you to enter into the current selected Modifier. Here is an explanation of the param- eters in the Modifiers.  Envelope Follower  The Envelope follower is used on effects that you would like to respond to the input signal like touch-wah or dynamic delay. The Envelope follower will perform the same dynamic movement as the input, but you can change the response time by using the Attack and Release. Attack   -   Sets the amount of time before the ENV reacts to the input signal. Release   -   The time that the ENV continues to work after the input signal stopped.  Pitch  To get optimal precision from the Pitch detection in the G- Force you must set best matching range according to the instrument you are playing. Select between: 6s GTR D-E   Default setting for a 6 string guitar. Accepts also the common dropped D tuning. 7s GTR A-E   Use this tuning for a 7 string guitar. The G-Force responds to notes as low as A. However, the precision in such a low range may vary depending on your type of guitar setup. 4s Bass D-E   Matches the range of a 4 string bass.  With this parameter you can set a minimum time that the parameter should use to go from maximum to minimum or vice versa, meaning that even though you move your expression pedal from min. to max. in a split second, the current parameter will still take some time to go through the same range. Press Exit to leave the Link display. Each modifier can be connected to several parameters at the same time but each parameter can have only one source. The maximum number of connections that can be made on the matrix is 20.  Default parameter setting  The default setting of a Matrix connected parameter at Recall is equal to its setting in the Edit parameter display. Example: The Reverb mix level is set up to be controlled by a pedal, and the Mix parameter in the Edit parameter display is set to 15 %. When this preset is Recalled, the Reverb Mix will be 15%, and at first movement of the pedal, you will be in total control of the parameter. If you want to remove all links of the Matrix, press Exit twice and you will see a pop up box asking you to confirm with Enter or abort with Exit.