The Release rate sets the speed that the Noise Gate damps with, meaning if the parameter is set to 100dB pr. second, the Noise Gate will damp very quickly.  Level  This level control can be used for controlling the In Level of the different presets. By setting the Level at - 6dB, in all your basic presets, you reserve a little extra level for your lead presets. The Level parameter is also found in the Modifier Matrix, and can therefore be controlled via pedal or MIDI.  Compressor  A Compressor is meant to reduce the dynamic content of the input signal, and thereby keep a more constant level. When the input signal exceeds the threshold, the Compressor starts to reduce the signal according to the Ratio. The Ratio describes how much the signal is reduced, e.g. a Ratio at 2:1 means that for every 2 dB the signal exceeds the threshold, only 1 dB comes out. When the signal falls below the Threshold, the Compressor is supposed to stop working, but the Release parameter can slow that process down. The Release parameter determines how long the Compressor should continue to work after the signal dropped below Threshold. Example: The Compressor is set to a Ratio of 8:1, and the signal is exceeding the Threshold by 16dB, that will result in a gain reduction of 14dB (viewed on the Compressor gain reduction meter). The Release time is set to 28 dB/S. This means that when the signal falls below the Threshold it will take the Compressor 0.5 second to fall back to no gain reduction. The Compressor in the G-Force comes in both a simple and an advanced version. The Compressor uses auto-makeup-gain. This means that the Compressor automatically compensates for the loss of level caused by the gain reduction, by turning the outlevel up i.e. the more you compress, the higher level you get out. The Attack time is scaled automatically depending on the dynamic content of the incoming signal.  COMPRESSOR  Threshold  When the input level exceeds the Threshold, the Compressor will be activated. This means that the lower the Threshold, the more compression you will get.  Ratio  Ratio effects the steepness of the Compressor. Example: When the Ratio is set to 2:1 it means that for every 2db the input level rises, the output level increases by 1 dB.  Knee Mode   (only in advanced)  The Knee Mode parameter sets the bending point of the compressor to soft knee or hard knee. When soft knee is selected, the Compressor will gradually reach the ratio, while hard knee will cause the Compressor to go directly from no compression to the current ratio.  Release   (only in advanced)  Release sets the fall back time of the Compressor, after the signal dropped below Threshold, meaning if the Compressor is reducing the gain by 14dB and the Release is set to 28dB/S, it will take 0.5 second before the Compressor stops gain reduction.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Compressor block.  Filters  The Filter block contains five different sub-algorithms: Parametric EQ, Wah Wah, Formant, Resonance and Phaser. These five algorithms perform several effects in a range from subtle to wacky.  34