43  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  DUAL TWO TAP DELAY  Dual Two Tap Delay  The Dual Two Tap Delay is capable of performing two delay taps on each of the two delay lines. The two delay lines have their own Input level, which basically means that they perform much like two individual delay processors.  Delay line 1&2  Time 1-2  Sets the delay time of the two taps on Delay line 1. Maximum delay time per tap is 1480 ms.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Feedback 1-2  Sets the amount of feedback on Tap 1 and 2. NOTE: The sum of the two feedbacks is limited to 100%.  Levels 1-2  Sets the level of each of the two taps.  Controls the panning of the two Delay taps.  Lowcut 1-2  Cuts off frequencies lower than the selected frequency. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Highcut 1-2  Cuts off frequencies higher than the selected frequency. So if you feel that there is too much treble in your signal, you remove this by adjusting the highcut filter down. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Line Level 1-2  Adjusts the input level of the two Delay lines. This enables you to lower the level of one of the two lines without affecting the second. The Line level is a percentage adjustment of the algorithm In Level. These levels can be used for creating spillover from a slap back Delay in Line 1 to a slower lead Delay in Line 2. Turn the level of Line 1 up and the Level of Line 2 down in Preset 1 and the other way around in preset 2. The Delays will now ring out across the preset change.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Delay block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.