7  General control of the G-Force is accomplished by dialing the Parameter wheel to change parameters, and the Value wheel to change values. In many of the displays you can select different menus by pressing the < > Arrow keys e.g., in the Effects display you can select between Mix, Edit, Routing and Layout. Press Enter to carry out an action (for example, when recalling a preset).  Recall  Press Recall (if you are not already there). Be sure that the cursor is placed on “Preset”, and dial the Value wheel to scroll through the presets. Press Enter to load the new preset.  Quick Store  If you want to store a preset with the same name, press Store to access the Store menu, and press Enter to confirm. The G-Force will now automatically store your preset in the first free User space, using the current name. When you try to restore an existing User preset, the G-Force will default to the same User preset number.  Editing  Press Effects and select the Edit display using the < > Arrow keys. Double click the bypass key of the block you want to edit.  Setting up your MIDI board  Press I/O Setup and select MIDI using the < > Arrow keys. Adjust the MIDI basic channel so it matches the one of your foot controller. Be sure that Program Change is enabled. Your foot controller should now be able to change presets on the G-Force. If you want to recall User presets via MIDI, scroll down to Mapping Mode and select “into User bank” by turning the Value wheel.  Setting up an Expression Pedal  Connect your pedal with a mono guitar cable to the External Control In. Press I/O Setup and select Control using the < > Arrow keys. In this list there are a number of things that can be controlled by an Expression pedal. Let’s set up control of the Main volume. Place the cursor on “Main Vol” - Press Enter (for Learning) and move your pedal. The G-Force will now automatically detect your pedal. The functions of Ext. 1-8 are set up in the Modifiers Matrix.  Input/Output  Use the Input/Output knobs in the upper left corner of the front panel to adjust the levels of the G-Force. If you are using the G-Force in a mono setup, you should select L-only in the I/O setup, Audio menu. This menu will also provide I/O gain information. The Killdry function should be On if you are using the G-Force in a parallel setup i.e. in combination with a line mixer.