27  ADSR’s are used to play short sequences triggered by the audio input. You set up a number of terms to describe the current sequence, and a trigger level also known as Threshold.  Attack  The Attack or rise time of the curve i.e. how long it takes to go from minimum to maximum level.  Decay  Sets how long it takes the curve to fall back from maximum to Sustain level.  Sustain  The amount of time that the ADSR will hold the Sustain level.  Sustain level  The value that will be sent out during the Sustain period.  Release  The amount of time that it takes the ADSR to fall from Sustain level to zero. Release time will take over when the Sustain time has expired (depending on the trig mode setting).  Mode  With the mode parameter parameter you can choose the way the ADSR should respond to trigs. In general the ADSR can only retrig if the signal falls below threshold and comes back up. Once   -   Will run the ADSR to the end once, and afterthat be ready for a new trig. In “Once” mode the signal have to drop below threshold after the ADSR finished to be able to retrig. Once-Retrig   -   Will run the ADSR to end once, but are capable of retriggering during the ADSR sequence. Loop   -   Will keep running the ADSR sequence for as long as the signal stays above threshold. Loop-Retrig   -   Will keep running the ADSR sequence for as long as the signal stays above threshold, but are capable of retriggering  Sustain   -   Will stay at Sustain level for as long as the signal stays above threshold. Sust-Retrig   -   Will stay at Sustain level for as long as the signal stays above threshold, but is capable of retriggering during the ADSR sequence.  Threshold  When the input level exceeds this level, the ADSR is triggered.  LFO 1&2  The LFO’s can be used for various purposes, for example you can connect a balance parameter and create an extra panner or modulate a filter to create an auto-wah effect. Both LFO1 & 2 have two outputs, which means that you can use the same LFO with different phase for different purposes. Speed   -   The speed of the LFO also known as Rate. Depth   -   The depth of the LFO also known as Width. Tempo   -   Sets the LFO speeds relationship to the tapped tempo (on the Tempo key). The subdivisions available are: Ignored1/1, 1/2- 1/32, straight, dotted or triplets.(1/4 equals BPM (beats per minute). Curve   -   Select the curve that you would like on the current LFO.Choose between: Square, Sine, and Triangle.  Pulsewidth  Controls the division of the upper and lower parts of the current curve, i.e. if Pulsewidth is set to 75%, the upper half of the curve will be on for 75% of the time.  Square Triangle Sine