47  right outputs start the current waveform at two different points.  Example : If LFO phase is set 180º, left and right will be exactly opposite.  LFO PHASE  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  Inlevel  Controls the input level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Flanger Classic  The Classic Flanger uses a relationship between Speed and Depth called the Golden Ratio. The G- Force inherited this from the TC 2290.  FLANGER CLASSIC  Speed  The speed of the Flanger, also known as Rate.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  90 phase change  Advanced Chorus adds some extra parameters like LFO Phase and Curve.  Speed  The speed of the Chorus, also known as Rate.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Depth  Adjusts the depth of the Chorus, also known as Intensity.  Delay  As described earlier, a Chorus/Flanger is basically a Delay being modulated by an LFO. This parameter makes it possible to change the length of that Delay. A typical Chorus uses delays at approximately 10 ms, while a Flanger uses delays at around 5 ms.  Golden Ratio  Sets the Golden Ratio between Speed and Depth On/Off. If you want to create wild Chorus sounds you may want to turn the Golden Ratio off.  Phase Reversed  Reverses the phase of the right channel, but only on the effect signal. This function makes the stereo image much wider.  LFO Curve  Sets the curve of the LFO. Choose between: Sine or Triangle. The most commonly used waveform in Chorus is Sine. (see curve figures in Tremolo)  LFO Phase  An LFO phase change causes a small delay in one of