a  1   Read these instructions. 2   Keep these instructions. 3   Heed all warnings. 4   Follow all instructions. 5   Do not use this apparatus near water. 6   Clean only with dry cloth. 7   Do not block any ventilation openings.   Install in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions. 8   Do not install near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus (including amplifiers) that produce heat. 9   Do not defeat the safety purpose of the   polarized or grounding-type plug. A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other. A grounding type plug has two blades and a third grounding prong. The wide blade or the third prong are provided for your safety. If the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet. 10 Protect the power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, convenience receptacles, and the point where they exit from the apparatus. 11 Only use attachments/accessories specified by the manufacturer. 12 Unplug this apparatus during lightning storms or when unused for long periods of time. Use only with the cart, stand, tripod, bracket, or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the apparatus. When a cart is used, use caution when moving the cart/apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over. 13 Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel. Servicing is required when the apparatus has been damaged in any way, such as power-supply cord or plug is damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into the apparatus, the apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has been dropped.  •   This equipment should be installed near the socket outlet and disconnection of the device should be easily accessible. •   To completely disconnect from AC mains, disconnect the power supply cord from the AC receptable. •   The mains plug of the power supply shall remain readily operable. •   Do not install in a confined space. •   Do not open the unit - risk of electric shock inside.  Caution:  You are cautioned that any change or modifications not expressly approved in this manual could void your authority to operate this equipment.  Service  •   There are no user-serviceable parts inside. •   All service must be performed by qualified personnel.  Warning!  •   To reduce the risk of fire or electrical shock, do not expose this equipment to dripping or splashing and ensure that no objects filled with liquids, such as vases, are placed on the equipment. •   This apparatus must be earthed. •   Use a three wire grounding type line cord like the one supplied with the product. •   Be advised that different operating voltages require the use of different types of line cord and attachment plugs. •   Check the voltage in your area and use the correct type. See table below:  Voltage   Line plug according to standard  110-125V   UL817 and CSA C22.2 no 42. 220-230V   CEE 7 page VII, SR section 107-2-D1/IEC 83 page C4. 240V   BS 1363 of 1984. Specification for 13A fused plugs and switched and unswitched socket outlets. within an equilateral triangle, is intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated "dan- gerous voltage" within the product's enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a risk of electric shock to persons.  is intended to alert the user to the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instructions in the literature accompanying the product.