29  will mute the direct signal at preset change. Extern Modifier Input This function sets how externally controlled parameters should react at preset change. Reset - Will preset the controlled parameter to the value stored in the preset. At the first movement of the External controller, the parameter will be captured. Preserve - Will preserve the value of the external controller, meaning that the controlled parameter will start this value.  Example:   You are about to load a preset with an external expression pedal controlling the Delay mix parameter. The Delay mix parameter is stored at 50%. Now you load this preset. If you selected “Reset” in the Ext. modifier input, the Delay mix will be reset to the preset value=50% If you selected “Preserve” in the Ext. modifier input, the Delay mix will preserve the pedal value=100%.  Environment  Pedal Type Switches between momentary and alternating. This parameter should be set to alternating if you are using an expression pedal. Pedal Calibration Press Enter to enable calibration of the External input jack on the back panel of the G-Force. Follow the instructions in the display. Pedal Curve The response curve of the External 1/4” jack Input can now be adjusted. After the External Input is calibrated, select “Pedal Curve” in the “Utility - Config display”, and press ENTER. Use the VALUE wheel to change the response curve. Press EXIT to leave the “Pedal Curve” display. The “Pedal Curve” parameter is global, and is therefore not changed with presets. Tuner MIDI Out In the Utility menu, a Tuner MIDI Out parameter is added. This parameter should be set to “On” to utilize the Tuner- display function in a connected G•Minor pedal. The Tuner MIDI Out parameter MUST be set to Off when performing a MIDI Bulk dump. If MIDI Out is connected to another device than a G- Minor it may be advisable to use the “off” position to avoid sending inappropriate MIDI information to that device.  User Bank Protect  Protect Sets the Protect function On/Off. Protect Low limit Sets the lower limit of the preset protect. The current number is included in the protect. Protect High limit Sets the higher limit of the preset protect. The current number is included in the protect.  User Bank Backup  You can backup the User presets of the G-Force to a card or MIDI recording device using these functions. Card type: SRAM PCMCIA, type 1, min. 64 K byte. Depending on the size of the PCMCIA card sveral banks on a single card is available. User Bank to Card Insert a PC-card in the Card slot and press Enter twice. All User presets of the G-Force will then be saved to the memory card. Card to User bank Insert a PC-card containing your presets and press Enter twice. All presets will now be stored back into the User bank of the G-Force.  WARNING:   This action will overwrite ALL User presets.  User bank to MIDI Connect your G-Force’s MIDI out to another G-Force, a sequencer or any other MIDI recordable device. Press Enter twice and the G-Force will perform a MIDI bulk dump of all User presets.