49  The Reverb in the G-Force is based on the heritage of the M5000 and M2000, and are tuned for guitar use.  REVERB  The Reverb section of the G-Force can create a variety of Reverb effects including the feature of emulating the initial reflections of a room which creates some mind blowing spatial effects until now only available in the TC M5000. When using   the G-Force reverb, you should see the reverb as two parts: 1. Initial room reflections 2. The Decay The initial room reflections are, depending on the size of the room, the first 50-200ms of the Reverb and it is these reflections that contains the information of the size and shape of a room and create the width and most of the depth experienced in a real hall or room. The Decay is the later part of a natural reverb which is experienced as prolonging the sound and creating some depth behind the source or direct signal, but integrating it in the spatial characteristics of the hall or room, like you experience in natural ambience or reverb. By emulating the initial room reflections the G-Force can create some very deep and wide stereo images placing the source or direct signal in the hall/room without using long decay times which often makes the sound image very “crowded” and disturbs your playing. To check out what the initial reflections can do, reduce or turn down the Decay level in the Decay parameters section and turn up Room level in the Room parameters section. Then try to change the Room size and the Room shape in the Master section and choose the combination that you like. Then try to change the Color in the Room parameters You will hear a short spatial reverb which sounds a little like a “gated “ reverb. Then at last add the decay by turning up the Decay level in the Decay parameters section and select the decay time that you prefer. You will also hear that you are able to create a very spatially wide and deep stereo reverb, with a relatively short and low level decay. When listening to the Reverb’s initial reflections alone at a high level and when selecting Room size XL, Grand or Huge, you might get a “slapback” effect, but by adding the right length and amount of decay and by balancing the Room level you will find that it will be transformed into width and depth. Square   A typical square room with its defined reflection patterns. Round   A diffuse room with lively reflections. Curved   A soft, yet still defined set of the reflections.  Room size  Sets the size of the room that the initial room reflections emulate. It automatically changes the length of the Predelay (the time until the first reflection appears) and the Decay start (the time where the Decay tail of the Reverb starts). The Predelay and the Decay start can be individually adjusted to another length in the Room and Decay section of the algorithm. Box - Tiny - Small - Medium - Large - XL - Grand - Huge The sizes: Box, Tiny, Grand & Huge are patterns emulating extreme room sizes.  Reverb level  Adjusts the combined Room level and the Decay level, and should be seen as a master level. The Room level and the Decay can individually adjusted to another relation in the Room and Decay section of the algorithm. Range +/-50.