23  The G-Force has four banks which you can use for your different setups. By using the Value wheel, you can change the active bank from 1 through 4. The banks are instantaneously Stored and Recalled, meaning that any change you make in the Control menu is remembered in the current bank, and Recalled next time you select that particular bank. Each bank contains every parameter setting in the Control menu.  Board factory defaults  It is possible to set up the Control menu for a number of board defaults. Dial the Value wheel and confirm with the Enter key to load the board defaults. Only boards with MIDI On/Off or Expression possibilities are represented on the list. The complete list is: ADA MXC   ART X-15 Ultrafoot Roland FC-200   Rocktron All Access DMC Ground Control   Lexicon MPX R1 Custom Audio Electronics RS-10   G Minor This will change the whole Control setup to the defaults of the chosen board, meaning that it will override your settings.  G-Force control  Main Vol.- Controls the main output volume of the G-Force. Tempo - Use this parameter to tap the global tempo via MIDI or the G-Force pedal input. Bypass -   Controls the overall bypass of the G-Force. Tuner - Use this parameter to activate the Tuner.  Modifier input  Ext. 1-8   - These eight inputs can control numerous parameters in the algorithms. Their functions are set up in the Modifier matrix display. These are the parameters you should set up to be controlled by your expression pedals.  Effect Bypass  The nine block bypass functions can be externally controlled via these inputs, meaning that you can bypass each of the nine effects independently. Some foot controllers on the market have the capability to send MIDI on/off   messages for exactly this purpose. If you do not own a board with these features, you can use an ordinary program change to bypass a block, e.g. You can setup the Pan section to be bypassed when you send out program change #10 on MIDI channel 5.  There are two ways to connect an expression pedal to the G-Force. One way is to connect it directly to the External Control jack on the back panel of the G-Force. The other way is to connect it via a foot-controller, i.e. as a MIDI controller. To make it easy for you to set up a pedal, we designed   a Learn function. Place the cursor on the parameter you want to control, press Enter to activate Learn, and press your pedal. The G-Force will now automatically detect your pedal, no matter if it is connected to MIDI or to the pedal jack. In each of the following parameters, you can setup the input that the current parameter should be controlled by. In the first column you set up the source and in the second column you set up the type of the controller. Here is a description of the possibilities - Column 1 Pedal:   The G-Force pedal input (see back panel). MIDI basic:   The parameter will respond to the basic G-Force MIDI channel (set in MIDI). MIDI Omni: The current parameter will respond to all channels. MIDI 1-16:   The parameter will only respond to this channel. Column 2 (please note that this column is only available when col.1 is set to MIDI). Pitch bend:   Standard MIDI Pitch bend. Aftertouch:   Standard MIDI Aftertouch. Note-on-key:   Standard MIDI Note-on. Controller 0-127: MIDI standard controllers. Prg. Change:   The Program Change feature is very special. If a parameter is set to a certain Program Change, the current parameter will be toggled on/off by the current preset change. If you are using a Program Change on the MIDI basic channel for controller purposes, the current Program Change will be ignored and will not perform a program change on the G-Force.