This is a step by step guide to some of the main functions used when building your own presets. Start by Recalling factory preset #225 called “Empty Routing”: -   Press Recall. -   Dial the Value wheel until you see preset 225. -   Press Enter to recall the current preset.  Setting up an Effect  There are two ways of inserting an effect. Let’s start by setting up a Reverb. -   Press the Effects key. -   Use the < > Arrow keys to select the Routing display. -   Use the Parameter wheel to place the cursor inthe third position of the first column. -   Double click on the Reverb bypass key to insert the Reverb. And the other way: -   Press the Effects key. -   Use the < > Arrow keys to select the Routing display. -   Dial the Value wheel until you see “REV” and press Enter to insert the Reverb in the Routing.  Editing an effect  There are two ways of getting into the Edit parameter display. Here is the first and easiest - after pressing the Effects key: -   Use the < > Arrow keys to access the Edit display. -   Double click on the Reverb bypass key. -   Use the Parameter wheel to scroll up and down, and the Value wheel to change values. And the other way - after pressing the Effects key: -   Use the < > Arrow keys to access the Edit display. -   Dial the Parameter wheel to move the cursor to the Reverb block. -   Press Enter to access the Edit parameter display. -   Use the Parameter wheel to scroll up and down, and the Value wheel to change values. -   Press Exit to leave the Edit parameter display or double click the Reverb bypass key again.  12  double click the current block bypass key right away, and the G-Force will exit the first and then open the second.  How to set the level of a preset:  There are a couple of different ways to set the level of a preset, but in any case you should consider reserving a bit of headroom for the preset you want to be the loudest. One method is to lower the Input (or Output) level of the last block in the routing. That means that if you have blocks in a parallel combination, you will have to change the level equally to keep the same relationship between the current effects. Another way is to use the Level in the In section. That particular level is placed after the Noise Gate but before anything else. This In Level is also present in the Modifier Matrix which means that you can control it via an expression pedal.  How to add a block to the Routing  Now we have a Reverb, but we would like a Delay as well. You need to decide whether you want the Delay in parallel or series as opposed to the Reverb. Let’s try parallel, from the Routing menu: -   Place the cursor in the second position, first column, using the Parameter wheel. -   Double click on the Delay bypass key to insert the Delay block. If you run blocks in parallel, you should consider your mix strategy. It may be wise to run all effects but one at 100% mix and use the In/Outlevel to balance the level of the effects relative to each other.  How to change a sub-algorithm  The Delay that you just inserted is a Stereo Delay that uses the same delay time in both left and right channels. Let’s try to find a delay with different times in left and right: -   Move the cursor to the Delay block using theparameter wheel. -   Press Enter to dive into the Edit parameter display. -   Use the < Arrow left key to step to the sub-algo list. -   Dial the cursor to “Dual” using the Parameter wheel and press Enter to change the sub-algorithm. You now have a Dual delay algorithm, where you are able to set different delay times in left and right channels (remember to set the panning of the two delay times).