39  combination with a broad Depth will cause the Panner to pan beyond a normal stereo image.  Width   (only in Surround Panner) Controls the Width of the Panner. When Width is set to more than 100%, the Panner will pan beyond a normal stereo image. Check it out.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  The Pitch block  In the Pitch block there are two basic Pitch types: Fixed and Intelligent. The difference between the two types is that while the Intelligent pitcher is capable of staying inside a certain key and scale, the Fixed pitch will always add the exact same amount of pitch no matter the input signal. The Detune algorithm is used for smaller amounts of pitch, to create doubling sounds. The optimal pitch detection is acheived by placing the Pitch block as close to the Input section as possible. It is very important to be in tune when playing with the Intelligent pitcher. Use the Tuner for that purpose.  INTELLIGENT PITCHER  With this parameter you are able to tell the G-Force which key you are playing in. This is very important information, because the voices of the intelligent pitcher are generated from it.  Scale  Sets the scale that the Intelligent Pitcher uses, meaning that the voices from the G-Force will be within this current scale. It is recommended that this scale be equal to the scale you are playing, otherwise you might get some very strange voicings.  Mode  Choose the mode of the Intelligent Pitcher. Stepped: The Pitcher will only play notes within the current scale and key no matter what you play. Smooth: The Pitcher will follow the incoming signal. This means that you can bend a tone, and the Pitcher will bend with you.  Voice 1-2  Sets the step in the current scale and key in which you want the pitcher to play. Example: You want the G-Force to play the third step in C-Major. Set the Key to C, and the Scale to Ionian Major. Now set Voice 1 to step 3. No matter what you play within C-Major the G-Force will now play/transpose two steps further up the scale, i.e. if you play a C now, the G-Force will play an E which is the third step of C-Major. Max. pitch is +/- one octave.  Detune Voice 1-2  Adjusts the detune of the two Voices. By connecting an LFO to these parameters you can add a vibrato to the pitch voices.  Delay 1-2  Sets the Delay of the each of the two voices. Max. delay time per voice is 400 ms.  Pan Position 1-2  Controls the panning of each of the two pitch voices.