This chapter will go through all Edit parameters in the eight blocks and the Input and Output sections. Mute mode  The eight effect blocks all have a number of different Mute modes. They are located as the last parameter in the Edit list of each block. The idea is that you can decide how every single block should react when you push the current blocks bypass key on the front panel. Here is the description of what the five modes will do when bypassed: Mix 0%: Will mute the output of effect, and take direct signal level up to 100% dry = 0% effect. FX Out: Will mute the output of the effect, and preserve direct signal level, according to Mix. Output : Will mute both the output of the effect and the direct signal. FX In :   Will mute the input of the effect, and preserve the direct signal level. This enables the block to finish an effect tail after being bypassed, e.g. using this mute mode on a delay will let the delay tail ring out even after being bypassed or at preset change between two presets with the same settings (only the Delay, Reverb and Pitch has this mute mode). Input:   Will mute both the input of the effect and the direct signal. Same basic function as FX In, only this mode will also mute the direct signal. (only the Delay, Reverb and Pitch have this mute mode). Using the Input/Output mute modes will mean that no signal passes through the current block when bypassed.  33  The basic idea about a Gate is that when the input signal falls below a threshold set up by you, the Gate turns down the signal by a certain number of dB’s, also set by you.  Example:   You set the Threshold at -25dB and the Max. damping at 30dB. When playing signal into the G- Force, the Gate will not do anything, but when the input signal is lower than -25dB (on the input meter) the Gate will start damping to a maximum of 30dB (see the Noise Gate meter). The speed of the damping is set by the Release rate parameter (Rel.rate). In the In-section of the G-Force, you find the Noise Gate. The gain reduction of the Noise Gate is displayed by the LEDs below the Billboard. The Noise Gate (including the Level parameter) is not bypassed by the overall Bypass key. This means that the Noise Gate will still be active even if you bypass all the effects of the G-Force.  NOISE GATE  Mode  Using the mode selector, you can choose between Hard and Soft Gating. Hard damps almost instantaneously when the Input falls below the Threshold, while Soft damps gradually, meaning damping very smooth and soft, without destroying your sustain.  Threshold  When the input level falls below this Threshold, the Noise Gate is activated.  Max. Damping  The maximum of dB’s that the Noise Gate can damp (also called gain reduction), meaning if Max. Damping is set to 0 dB, the Noise gate will not damp at all. The damping/Gain reduction is displayed on the meters below the Billboard.