b  TC Electronic A/S, Sindalsvej 34, 8240 Risskov, Denmark, hereby declares on own responsibility that following product:  G-Force - Guitar Effects Processor  That is covered by this certificate and marked with CE-label conforms with following standards: EN 60065   Safety requirements for mains (IEC 60065)   operated electronic and related apparatus for household and similar general use EN 55103-1   Product family standard for audio, video, audio-visual and entertainment lighting control apparatus for professional use. Part 1: Emission. EN 55103-2   Product family standard for audio, video, audio-visual and entertainment lighting control apparatus for professional use. Part 2: Immunity. With reference to regulations in following directives: 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC  Issued in Risskov, May 1997 Anders Fauerskov Managing Director  This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B Digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in residential installations. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on. The user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: •   Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. •   Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. •   Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. •   Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.  For the customers in Canada:  This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003. Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du Canada.