16  The Stereo Guitar System  In a setup with a couple of Combo amps or a stereo stack, you get full advantage of the stereo effects in the G-Force. Place the G-Force after your pre-amp or in the effect loops.  Serial setup  This is the ultimate setup for the G-Force. The high quality 24 bit converters makes it possible to use the G-Force without a line mixer. The serial setup utilizes the power of the G-Force to its full extent. Remember, the G-Force gives you the possibility to make the effect blocks parallel internally.  Parallel setup  Using the G-Force in combination with a line mixer. Remember to use the killdry function, to avoid any direct guitar signal through the G-Force.  The Connections  The G-Force input jacks are unbalanced and the outputs are balanced. This means that you can use standard guitar cables to connect the G-Force to unbalanced equipment, and stereo cables to connect the G-Force to balanced   equipment.  Input/Output  Set the Input level of the G-Force using the In knob in the upper left corner of the front panel. To get maximum quality from the 24 bit AD converter, the input meter should show approximately -6 to -3 dB. Adjust the output level of the G-Force using the Output knob. In addition to the Output knob there is a MIDI/Pedal controllable master level placed in the Out section (Effects Edit display).  The G-Force is carefully designed to perform all the basic effects needed in a guitar setup. Because the G-Force can be used in a number of applications we propose a few different setups. Be sure that your amplifiers are turned off while connecting the G-Force. Turn on the G-Force before your amplifiers.  MIDIBOARD Guitar Pedals   Combo  G-Force  Insert  The Mono Guitar System  In a setup with a Combo amp or a mono stack you must use the Left input and output (remember to select L-only, in the I/O Setup Audio display) You can either place the G-Force in the effect loop or after the pre-amp, (this could also mean after your Distortion stomp box).  PREAMP POWERAMP MIDIBOARD GUITAR Cabinet   Cabinet  G-Force