21  Digital clock indicator Kills all dry signal Input signal Input selector  The parameters in the I/O Setup contain setups of all the G-Force’s external connections: - MIDI, Pedal, Digital and Analog Audio. In the I/O Setup display, you can select between MIDI, Control and Audio using the < > Arrow keys. All settings of the I/O Setup are global, i.e. they do not change with the preset.  Audio  To set up the Audio In/Out parameters, press the I/O Setup key and use the < > Arrow keys to select Audio. The Source  With this parameter you can select between the Digital input of the G-Force, or the Analog input. G-Force is limited to 44.1kHz sample rate at both Analog and Digital inputs.  The Input  The G-Force can use the Left input only (mono), the sum of left and right input (LR-sum), or both left and right input (stereo). If you are only using one input on the G-Force, you should select L-Only. If you want to input two mono sources, you can select LR- sum, this will enable both left and right to be summed together  Killdry  The Killdry function enables you to remove all dry (direct) signal in the G-Force. This function is very useful when you are running the G-Force in a parallel setup. NOTE: When Killdry is active, the overall bypass key will work as a mute. Since you killed all of the dry signal and are bypassing the effect there is no output. The blocks will level of the effect.  In Level, Out Level, Digital In  These are read-only parameters displaying the Input level (adjusted with the front panel controls), Output level (adjusted with the front panel controls), and the Digital input sample rate (shown only when you are using the digital input). Note: The input level of the G-Force automatically optimizes the signal to noise ratio via a small relay in the input section. You may hear a small click from this relay when the input is being adjusted.  MIDI  In the MIDI section you set up the parameters of the global MIDI in the G-Force, meaning program change, MIDI mapping etc. Basic Channel  The basic MIDI channel of the G-Force. This is the channel that you should transmit Prg. changes on to change presets in the G-Force. Note: The G-Force’s Modifiers are configured separately, meaning that they may refer to other MIDI channels.  Program change  With this parameter you set up how the G-Force should respond to incoming program changes. There are three possibilities: Disabled - Will cause the G-Force to ignore any incoming program change. Preset Recall - Will enable the G-Force to use program changes sent on the “Basic channel”. + Partial Recall - When this value is selected, the G-Force will still respond to program changes sent on the basic channel, but at the same time each of the eight effect blocks will have their own MIDI channels enabling you to recall a single block without affecting the rest of the preset. The channel numbers of the blocks are continuous from the Basic channel.  Example:   If the basic channel is set to 1, the blocks channels will be Compress ch. 2, Filters ch. 3, Pan ch. 4 etc.  Bank Selection  This function is a new MIDI standard, making it possible to Recall presets above #128. The parameter determines whether the G-Force should respond to this message or