40  Sets the level of the two pitch voices.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Intelligent Pitcher block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Custom Scale  The Custom scale enables you to make your own scale, by specifying the number of notes, the root key and the specific notes contained in the current scale.  Notes used  Use this parameter to specify the number of notes within your Custom scale. A Custom scale must contain a minimum of 4 and maximum of 8 notes.  Tonic  Sets the root key of your Custom Scale.  Note 2 - 8  Use these parameters to specify the notes you want in your Custom scale. You can only specify the number notes set by the “Notes Used” parameter. The Custom scale must be described within an octave.  Fixed 1 & 2 Voice Pitch  Voice 1-2  Sets the amount of pitch on each of the two voices. Maximum pitch is +/- 12 semitones.  Delay 1-2  Sets the Delay of the each of the two voices. Maximum delay time per voice is 400 ms.  Level 1-2  Sets the level of the two pitch voices.  Controls the panning of each of the two pitch voices.  Feedback 1-2  Sets the amount of Feedback on the two voices. This can create really weird effects since the signal will be pitched over and over meaning that it will rise/fall more and more over a period of time.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Pitch block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter  2 Voice 2 Octave  Voice 1 & Voice 2  Sets the amount of pitch on each of the two voices. Maximum pitch is +/- 24 semitones.  Delay   - Voice1 & Voice 2  Sets the Delay of the each of the two voices. Maximum delay time per voice is 400 ms.  Pan Position 1-2  Controls the panning of each of the two pitch voices.  Feedback 1-2  Sets the amount of Feedback on the two voices. This can create really weird effects since the signal will be pitched over and over meaning that it will rise/fall more and more over a period of time.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.