Editing directly from the Routing display  If you want to edit an effect right away, press Enter to access the Edit parameter display. Use the Parameter wheel to scroll up and down, and the Value wheel to change values. Press Exit to leave the Edit parameter display again.  Mix  In the Mix display, you are able to balance the mix and the In Level of the effects in that particular preset. If an effect is bypassed, it will appear as grayed out, however, you can still change the level and mix of that particular effect. A small PPM shows the input level of each block. When two signals are joined together there may be occasional overshoots. The meters of each block are therefore placed at the very input of the current block. This means that in case of overloads you should turn down the level of the previous blocks. Use the Parameter wheel to scroll through the parameters and change values by dialing the Value wheel. Press Enter to activate the current effect or Exit to bypass it.  Layout  In addition to the Routing display, you have a couple of Layout tools. The Layout display can make certain actions very much easier. The functions of the Layout are very much like those of a spreadsheet. In the Layout display, you see a miniature version of the Routing. By turning the Value wheel, you can change the cursor position. Now dial the Parameter wheel to select the desired function.  Column  Move L - Will move the current Column to the Left. Move R - Will move the current Column to the Right. Insert - Will insert a new Column. Delete - Will delete the current Column.  Row  Move U - Will move the current Row up. Move D - Will move the current Row down. Insert - Will Insert a new Row. Delete - Will delete the current Row. Press Enter to carry out the selected function.  20  between - Mix, Edit, Routing, and Layout. By using the < > Arrow keys you can step between the four displays. If an effect is bypassed, it will appear with no bottom line.  Editing an effect  Press the Effects key and select the Edit display (using the < > Arrow keys). Double click on the block bypass key of the effect you want to edit, or point the cursor to the block you want to edit, and press Enter to access the Edit parameter display. Note that you can also select the In and Out section, e.g. the Noise Gate is placed in the In-section. When you are in the Edit parameter display, use the Parameter wheel to scroll through the parameters and the Value wheel to change values. Press Exit or double click the block bypass key to leave the edit parameter display. Double clicking another block bypass key will take you directly to edit parameter display of that particular effect.  Changing the Sub-algorithm  In each effect block you can choose between a couple of variations of the current effect, for example, in the Chorus block you can choose between Classic Chorus, Advanced Chorus, Classic Flanger and Advanced Flanger. To change the Sub-algorithm, you enter the Effect Edit parameter display and then use the < > Arrow keys to jump to the effect Sub-algorithm (upper left corner of the display). Now use the Parameter wheel to select the new Sub-algorithm and press Enter to confirm.  Routing  If you want to change the Routing or order of the effect blocks, use the < > Arrow keys to select the Routing display. Use the Parameter wheel to select where you want to place an effect block, and double click the block bypass key of the effect you want to insert, or scroll through the effects using the Value wheel, and press Enter to choose the current effect. If you simply want to lead the sound through a point, you select the pipeline icon. The full Routing matrix is 4 high by 8 wide and you can place any effect (without duplication) anywhere in the matrix.