48  Adjusts the depth of the Flanger, also known as Intensity.  Feedback  Controls the amount of feedback in the Flanger. Note that this parameter can be negative, i.e. feedback in reversed phase.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Advanced Flanger  Advanced Flanger adds some of extra possibilities like Cross Feedback, LFO phase and Curve.  Speed  The speed of the Flanger, also known as Rate.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Depth  Adjust the depth of the Flanger, also known as Intensity.  Delay  As described earlier, a Chorus/Flanger is basically a Delay being modulated by an LFO. This parameter makes it possible to change the length of that Delay. A typical Chorus uses delays at approximately 10 ms, while a Flanger is uses delays at around 5 ms.  Controls the amount of feedback in the Flanger. Note that this parameter can be negative, i.e. feedback in reversed phase.  Golden Ratio  Sets the Golden Ratio between Speed and Depth On/Off. If you want to create wild Flanger sounds, you may want to turn the Golden Ratio off.  Phase Reversed  Reverses the phase of the right channel, but only on the effect signal. This function makes the stereo image much wider.  Cross Feedback  Controls the amount of feedback between the two channels. Note that the Crossfeed can be negative, i.e. Crossfeed in reversed phase.  LFO Curve  Sets the curve of the LFO. Choose between: Sine or Triangle. The most commonly used waveform in Flanging is Sine. (see curve figures in Tremolo)  LFO Phase  An LFO phase change causes a small delay in one of the waveform starting points. This means that left and right outputs start the current waveform at two different points. Example: If LFO is set 180º, left and right will be exactly opposite. (See the LFO phase figure in the Chorus section).  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.