45  QUAD TAP DELAY  Quad Tap Delay  Tap 1-4  Sets the delay time of the four taps. Maximum delay time per tap is 1480 ms.  Tempo 1-4  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Feedback 1-4  Adjusts the amount of Feedback from each of the four taps. NOTE: The sum of the four feedbacks are limited to 100%.  Levels 1-4  Sets the level of each of the four taps.  Pan position 1-4  Controls the panning of the four Delay taps.  Lowcut 1-4  Cuts off frequencies lower than the selected. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Highcut 1-4  Cuts off frequencies higher than the selected frequency. So if you feel that there is too much treble in your signal, you remove this by adjusting the highcut filter down. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Delay block  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  The Drive  The Drive block  The Drive is a post distortion. It can be used for effects purposes like overdriving a Delay, a Flanger or a Phaser etc. or simply to crank the overall sound a bit.  Drive  The Drive parameter is simulating the In-gain of a distortion device. The extra In-gain is automatically compensated on the Output level, to avoid any clipping internally.  Brightness  Brightness is used to reduce the amount of high frequency content in the distorted signal. The Brightness control is flat when set to 100%.  Body  Body is used to reduce the amount of low frequency content in the distorted signal. At heavy distortion the Drive will emphasize a lot of low frequencies, which can be somewhat annoying. These problems can be reduced by the Body parameter. A number of preamps and pedals on the market combine a lowcut filter with their In-gain to compensate for the exact same problem.  Smasher  The Smasher is used to change the character of the distortion by emphasizing even order harmonics. Setting this parameter to a high value, will smash your signal. Try to experiment with the character of your distortion.