59  114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 C+W Diaton Solo in A Eats Your Attack Pedal Octave Down Pedal Octave Up Pitch Dm 5 and 3 Pedal Add Octave Up Flanger Beautyverb Verb Morphed to Dly I've Been Drinking Panner Pedal Picking Style Envelope Filter Nervosa Doubler Blues Room Hammer to Fall Iron Man Thick'n Juicy Lead Smooth Tubedrive Duckman Lead Lead Pedal Wah Touch Wah Driven Pedal Iiaahh Driven Lead Octavia Lead The Smiths Cyber Sci-fi Surfer Steppers in Time Spaceyplace Bluebox Echophased Echoverb Duality Effects Bowling Multitaps Slow Swell Pad Expandelay Infinity and Beyond Deep Bass 9 Flange Pedal Speed Duck on Crack Sus4 Dreamscape Crazy Brown Lead Eastern Ocean Skysaw Doubler Synthesized Leads Sexwah Pedalead Fuzz Industrial Mayhem Electric Church Trance Yer Ass Off Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean Clean / Dirty Distorted Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean / Dirty Clean Clean Dirty Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Distorted Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X Play single-note runs for instant twangy Georgian C&W harmonies. Works best on higher strings. Envelope controlled input volume. Will perform the Volume knob trick automatically. Pedal performs a Whammy down when set to heel. Pedal performs a Whammy up when set to toe. Single note lead. Play in D-minor with a third and a fifth added. Pedal to heel = crunchy lead sound, Pedal to toe = adds an octave voice. Dense, thick reverb with medium long decay through a slow flanger. Good for leads and chords. An Envelope controlled crossfade between Reverb and Delay. Reverb when you play, Delay when you stop. Pedal to heel = Phased guitar /   Pedal to toe = Room spinning. Pedal pans from left to right. Input sensitive parallel Wah Filter, great for picking guitar. Envelope Filter effect. Input level threshold dependent. Fluttery Phaser and Panning with Chorus and Pitch-shifter doubles. Good on both lead and chords. Nice for blues. Totally dominant distorted main rhythm guitar sound, inspired by the famed Queen song. The Ultimate power chord sound. Metallica, saturated, ominous. Check the tittle, need we say more? Nice greasy lead. Gives you that drive with a loose bottom that you know from older tube amps.   Good for lead. Quacks like a duck, thanks to a Wah-Wah. Brings back the 70's. Feed the G-Force with a clean tone and Wah away with your pedal. Great for leads. Feed the G-Force with a clean tone and Wah away with your picking power. Great for leads. Feed the G-Force with a dirty tone and talk away with your pedal. Very special lead sound. Overdriven lead sound with an octave shifter feed into a big hall. Works well on distortion setting for wild "Yes"   type solos. Wide tremolo sound on top of a punchy distorted sound. Inspired by .....guess who! Fast Panning Chorus, sweeping Phaser and Pitch-shifter doubles into filtered slap Delays and very small Reverb. Stepped Formant Filter that steps in time with repeating Delays. Play along with Delay time for best effect. Slow echoes and a big Reverb. Pedal controls Phaser level. The kitchen sink, full fuzz, deep Phaser, pitch at -12 and -5, panned echo and Chorus. Good on leads. Smooth chorus, echo + a long hall Verb makes you sound like an ECM artist. Two separate effect chains. Pedal controls the speed and level of the Phaser. Play melodically in time with the echoes for fun and turn on the Drive for a fuzzed sound. Dreamy "attack free" sound designed for slow chord or melody passages. Input level dependent First four repeats become increasingly louder before subsequent repeats decrease in volume. Long Reverb and Delays. Highly compressed bass sound, designed for ambient/Techno/TR303 emulation. Pedal controls the speed of the Flanger. Pedal to heel = Moderately normal guitar / Pedal to toe = Dynamically contr. duck (1 Octave up). Dual Shifters add a fourth and a fifth creating a sus4 chord with lots of Chorus, Delay and Reverb Sounds best on leads. Shifter adds Octave up and down with a crazed Pan and Phaser. Dynamic Delay. Dual shifters at a 5th and octave above feed into a chorus + a very wet long Reverb. Good for slow leads. Crashy fuzz into dual Pitch-shifters set an octave up with sweeping high feedback Flanger. Great for leads. Fuzz, pitched an octave up and down into Compressor with Touchwah and slap Delays. Good on soft leads. A complex distorted effect with an octave + a fifth feeding a Chorus and some tap Delays. Pedal controls the Formant filters. Touchwah and a low octave shifter. Input level dependent. Removes your attack. Sounds very synth-like. For single note lines. Use Ext. 1 to morph from Flanger to Detuned Octaver to Touchwah and vice-versa. Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky Wacky