50  Sets the treble color of the decay. When Color in the Room section of the algorithm is set to Auto, it also controls the treble factor of the initial room reflections. Wool - Warm - Real - Clear - Bright - Crisp - Glass  High factor  Emphasizes or reduces the character set by the High color. Range +/-25.  Low color  Sets the Bass color of the Decay. Thick - Fat - Round - Natural - Light - Tight - Thin - No bass.  Low factor  Emphasizes or reduces the character set by the Low color. Range +/-25.  Room parameters  Adjusts the level of the initial room reflections, which is master controlled by the Reverb level. With this control you can emphasize or reduce the initial room reflection’s influence on the Reverb sound. Range +/-50.  Color  Sets the tonal color of the initial reflections. When set to Auto it is linked to High color Auto - Wool - Warm - Real - Clear - Bright - Crisp - Glass.  Color factor  Emphasizes or reduces the character set by Color. Range +/-50.  Predelay  Allows adjustment of the predelay (the time until the first reflection appears) which is automatically set when choosing the Room size. Range +/-50.  Decay level  Adjusts the level of the decay, which is master controlled by the reverb level. With this control you can emphasize or reduce the decay tail’s influence on the Reverb sound. Range +/-50.  Diffuse  Allows fine tuning of the density of the decay tails. Is set automatically when choosing the desired Decay time. Makes it possible to reduce flutter in the decay to an absolute minimum. Range +/-25.  Decay start  Allows adjustment of the decay start (the time where the Decay tail of the Reverb starts), which is set automatically when choosing the Room size. Range +/-50.  Mix  This parameter sets the mix relation between the dry (direct) and the wet signal. If you are using G-Force as an insert effect this means that your direct signal goes through the G-Force.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Reverb block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.