28  Out2 phase -An LFO phase change causes a small delay in the second waveform starting point. This means that out 1 and 2 start the current waveform at two different points.  Example:   If Out2 phase is set to 180 degrees, Out 1 and 2 will be exactly opposite.  Dials  Press the Mod key and use the < > Arrow keys to select the Dials. (see picture on page 25). The basic idea with the dials are that you can simulate any of the eight External controllers using the Parameter and Value wheel. By dialing, you can test if the links in the Matrix are responding correctly without having a pedal connected. If you want to make sure that you expression pedal is calibrated correctly, you can test it by watching the dials while moving your pedal from 0-100%. Press Enter to change the External controllers simulated by the wheels. Use the Parameter wheel to select between Dial 1 or 2, and press Exit when you have set the desired external controllers to be simulated.  Pulsewidth   and Billboard. Use the < > Arrow keys to select between the two displays.  Config.  User Interaction  In the config. display you can set up a number of global parameters for the G- Force such as memory protect, backup of the User bank, etc. Display Viewing Angle Adjust for best contrast of the LCD display. Parameter dial direction FWD - UP/DOWN: Select what direction the parameter wheel   should move the display cursor.  Preset Change  Effect mute On When set to on, the G-Force will mute the sound for a very short moment while changing the preset. With this feature you can avoid any kind of artifacts when changing presets. Effect mute Off When effect mute is set to off the G-Force will bypass the effect blocks according to the Mute mode set in each block, while changing preset.  Example:   Preset 1 contains a Delay. The Mute mode of the Delay is set to “FX Input”. Since “FX Input” will keep the dry signal at the level set by the Mix parameter of the block, this preset will do the same. (The; Mute mode is explained in the “Blocks “ chapter). To avoid level jumps at preset change, you must carefully consider the Mute mode of each block. “Mix 0%” will take the direct signal level up to 100% at the moment of the preset change. “FX In/Out” will keep the direct signal level  Utility  Display viewing angle Parameter Dial Direction Effect Muting Extern Modifier Input Pedal Type Pedal Calibration Pedal Curve Tuner MIDI Out Protect Protect Lo-limit Protect Hi-limit User bank to Card Card to User bank User bank to MIDI MIDI to User Bank  User bank backup User bank protect Environment User Interaction Preset Change