25  When you have two lines connected, (i.e. Ext.1 connected to Tremolo speed) it is possible to make a transformation between the two lines. Move the cursor to the dot connecting the two lines and press Enter to enter the Link display.  Cursor   Slope  In the Link display, you can change the curve between the Modifier and the actual movement of the current parameter.  Low input  Use this parameter to adjust the minimum value of the modifier i.e. when your expression pedal is in the minimum position.  Mid input  Use this parameter to adjust the medium value of the modifier i.e. when your expression pedal is in the middle position.  High input  Use this parameter to adjust the maximum value of the modifier i.e. when your expression pedal is in the maximum position. NOTE: These same transform parameters apply to the other modulation sources, for example Envelope, Low when the input signal into the G-Force is at its lowest and High when it is at its loudest.  Slope  Dial the Slope parameter to change the shape of the curve. Try it out and watch the curve change.  Cursor   Connection Point   Parameter List The Matrix is where you connect your External pedals (set up in I/O Setup, Ext. Input) or the internal Modifiers to the parameters you want to control.  Dial the Parameter wheel to move the cursor vertically and the Value wheel to move the cursor horizontally. Press Enter to connect the two lines. Press Exit to remove a connection. The basic concept is that you have a number of Modifiers (extra LFOs, ADSRs, ENV and your Ext. Inputs) in the top line of the Matrix. On the right hand side of the Matrix you have a list of the parameters available in the current preset. This means that an effect has to be present in the preset before it can appear in the parameter list. Not all parameters in an effect are available. To connect a Modifier to a parameter, you move the cursor to the point where their two lines meet, and press Enter to connect them.  Example:   You want LFO1 to modulate the speed of a Tremolo   (be sure that the Tremolo is in the current preset). Now move the cursor horizontally by dialing the Value wheel until you have the cursor just below LFO1. Next step is to find the Tremolo speed. Dial the Parameter wheel until you hit the point where Tremolo speed and LFO1 intersect each other, now press Enter. The small dot indicates that the LFO and Tremolo speed are connected.