17  Select which blocks will be loaded from new preset Preset name   ROM/USER/CARD bank selector  General  Select section  Is used to point to a certain block that you want to recall alone. Should be set to “All” when you want to recall a complete preset. (default setting)  Bank  Is used to select which bank you would like to recall from, ROM (factory presets), User, or Card (only available when a pc-card is inserted).  Preset  Dial the Value wheel to preview the presets. Press ENTER to recall.  Recalling a Preset  • Set cursor at “Bank” section using the PARAMETER wheel. • Select which bank to recall from using the VALUE wheel. • Select “Preset” section using the PARAMETER wheel (see illustration above) • Select which preset to recall using the PARAMETER wheel. • Press ENTER.  change  Spillover from one preset to another can be obtained by using the same sub-algorithm, and combination of Mute mode = “Fx In” and bypassing the current block. Example: If you want to leave a Delay tail hanging over a preset change, you must be sure to keep the same sub- algorithm in both presets. In addition to that you should select the “Fx In” Mute mode and just bypass the Delay block in the second preset. NOTE: Changing parameters like the Feedback or Mix over a preset change can kill the Delay.  Optimal preset change  Since the change from one preset to another can contain drastic changes in level and Routing, artifacts may occur if the preset is changed while playing. To obtain the best preset change while playing, you should keep Routings as even as possible. Example: When changing from a preset containing Reverb and Delay, to a preset containing only Reverb you should just bypass the Delay block instead of removing it (that will also enable you to obtain spillover from the Delay block)  Recalling a single effect  It is possible to load a single effect setting into an existing Routing, e.g. if you are building a new preset and have come up with a really nice Reverb and Delay but would like to add that Chorus sound you designed last week. Here is what you do:  Press Recall, and move the cursor to the Select parameter using the Parameter wheel. Now use the Value wheel to point to “CHO” (Chorus). Move the cursor back to the Preset parameter and use the Value wheel to scroll through the presets (remember to set the bank, you wish to Recall from). NOTE: the G-Force will now scroll through only presets containing the desired effect. Press Enter to Recall the desired effect. The G-Force will now update your current preset with the new effect, and return to the current preset.