PHASER  Speed  Controls the speed of the Phaser.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Depth  Adjusts the Depth of the Phaser.  Order  Sets the number of filters used to produce the Phaser. The three possibilities 4, 8 and 12 are very different sounding. Check them out.  Feedback Level  Controls the amount of feedback in the Phaser. Note that this parameter can be negative, meaning feedback in reversed phase.  Instrument Mode  With the mode parameter you can choose between the guitar or bass range of the Phaser.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Controls the output level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Pan+Trem block  A Panner is basically a change of the level opposite in left and right channels. An LFO is connected to these levels and turns them up and down. A Tremolo is also a change of level controlled by an LFO except the level change in left and right channels are identical. So the basic difference between a Panner and a Tremolo is whether the level change of left and right channels is opposite or identical. This Panner has a surround range, meaning that it will pan further than a normal stereo image. The Tremolo has flexibility that you will not see in any stomp box.  TREMOLO / PAN  Tremolo  Speed  Controls the how fast the Tremolo is pulsing.  Tempo  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo). If you select “Ignored” the current parameter will use the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Depth  Will set the intensity of the Tremolo, or how deep it sweeps.  37