The parametric EQ contains two shelving filters (#1 and #5) and three bell filters (#2, #3, #4). A low shelving filter is a filter that works from a certain target frequency and down, meaning everything below the target frequency will be adjusted. A high shelving filter is equal to low shelving but now all the frequencies above the target are adjusted. A bell filter is a filter that works around a target. This means that a certain number of the adjacent frequencies are adjusted. The affected number of adjacent frequencies is adjusted by the BW (bandwidth) parameter.  PARAMETRIC EQ  Freq  Use the freq parameter to set the target frequency of the current band.  Slope/BW (bandwidth)  Use the Slope parameter to adjust the steepness of the shelving filter. Bandwidth adjusts how broad the bell filters are.  Gain  Use the gain to boost or cut the target frequency. All filters can boost or cut +/-12dB.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  The Resonance filters are basically a high and low cut filter that can be swept up and down the frequency range. When the Resonance (Q-factor) parameter is increased, the filter’s peak at the cutoff frequency gets very narrow and very steep. That is at the very core of the characteristic sound of Resonance filters. NOTE: The peak of the filters can get very loud and can easily hit the internal ceiling and thereby cause distortion. To prevent that, turn down the input level of the Filter block.  RESONANCE  Order  The Order parameter of the resonance filters changes the steepness of the filters. 2nd order filters are 12dB/Octave while 4th order are 24dB/Octave. 4th order filters will “ring”   or resonate more than 2nd order filters.  Locut freq  Sets the frequency of the Locut resonance filter.  Hicut Freq  Sets the frequency of the Hicut resonance filter.  Lo Resonance  Sets the amount of resonance on the Locut filter.  Hi Resonance  Sets the amount of resonance on the Hicut filter. Try to connect an LFO or an expression pedal to the two frequency parameters using the Modifier Matrix.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  35