24  The basic flow of both the internal and external controllers is explained in this chapter.  In the G-Force you have a number of external controller inputs. These can be MIDI controllers, MIDI program change, the G- Force Ext. input 1/4” jack etc. These inputs must be connected to eight virtual handles named Ext. 1-8. The eight handles (Ext. 1-8) can be connected to a large number of algorithm parameters via the Modifier Matrix (see Matrix for further details). The point of the eight handles is that their connections are stored in the presets of the G-Force, meaning that you can use the same pedal for various purposes just by changing presets. These parameters status are not stored with the preset: Main vol. Bypass, Tempo and Tuner. The G-Force also contains several extra internal Modifiers i.e. extra LFOs, ADRs, Envelope follower etc. These internal Modifiers are also present in the Modifier matrix, and can be connected to the same parameters as Ext. 1-8. The default setting of a Modifier connected parameter is equal to it’s setting in the Edit parameter display.  Example:   The Reverb mix level is set up to be controlled by a pedal, and the Mix parameter in the Edit parameter display is set to 15 %. When this preset is Recalled, the Reverb Mix will be 15%, and at first movement of the pedal, you will be in total control.  Setting up an Expression pedal  Example: You want to connect an expression pedal to the input level of the Delay block: Connect your expression pedal to the G- Force external control jack on the back panel, and Recall a preset containing a Delay. Press the I/O Setup key and select the Control display. Use the Parameter wheel to scroll down to the Modifier input section, and place the cursor on Ext. 1. Dial the Value wheel to select Pedal. Now you have hooked up your expression pedal to one of the eight handles, so let’s move on to connecting the handle to a parameter. Press the MOD key and use the < > Arrow keys to select the Matrix. Use the Value wheel to scroll horizontally, until you see Ext. 1 (your pedal) in the top line. Now use the Parameter wheel to scroll vertically until you see the Delay Inlevel. Press Enter to connect Ext. 1 to Delay In Level.  NOTE: If the parameter does not respond correctly, try to calibrate your pedal (see Utility, Pedal Calibration).