58  60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 On The Edge A Clean Fortress Gated Delay 60's Flanging Funky Chorus Flange Yer Face Dream Phaser Churner Stereo Tremolo Beatle Chords Phased Tremolo In My Room Spin Off Vibropedal Room Tremolo + Reverb Day at the Beach Spinner Wahble Gatelike Filterfun Funkypick Park the Wah Here Tube Scream Raunchy Rhythm Malcolm Rubbery Room Crunch Phasecomp Fuzzphaser Pedal A Little Crunch Loose Tubes Les is Paul Yee Ha Flange Box Flanger In Verb Surround Reverb Guitar Hero Landau Clean Ballad Clean Ed Now and Then So Stern LA Studio Rack Straight Lead Lead Westcoast Lead Fusionlead Clean Chorused Delay Clean Ducked Swell Echocomplex Pedal Feed Delay Final Frontier Wishey Wash Tap Twang Slap Answering Echo Wes M Jazz Lead Low Note Thicken Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Driven Clean Driven Clean Clean Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Driven Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean Clean/Dirty Clean/Dirty Clean Major OD Clean Clean Heavy OD Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean / Dirty Dirty Clean / Dirty Clean Clean X X X X X X X X X X X X X X U2 inspired Delays like on "Where The Streets Have No Name". Sting's "Fortress Around Your Heart" or Andy Summer's sound on "Every Breath You Take". The Delay plays with you, but not without you. Actually Flanges through zero by delaying the straight signal though the Delay block in parallel. Good for R&B on a clean setting. All purpose Flanger, great for guitar and vocal effects. Super for acoustic guitar. Ambient, spacey, stereo Phase-Shifting sound. Slow sweeping resonant Flanger, Phaser with Chorus, Pitch Detune and slap Delay into small Room. A simple Tremolo, but opposite in left and right. Pedal to heel = Stereo guitar / Pedal to toe = Fast rotating cabinet effect. Great for folk ballads or Tex-Mex tunes on clean setting. Heavy on Tremolo. Clean surf guitar sound reminiscent of Beach Boys' ballads, The Surfaris or The Ventures. Rotary effect. Use Ext. 1 to control the speed. Fast Vibrato from Chorus with dual detune and room reverb. Pedal slows Vibrato and lowers Reverb. Pretty straight preset with a classic Tremolo and a Hall. Pedal to heel = Surfers dream / Pedal to toe = Tremolo. Pedal to hell = Direct guitar / Pedal to toe = Spinning guitar. A fast Wah Filter into a Chorus and Gate-like reverb, good for anything funky. Pedal to heel lowers Wah. Envelope controlled fast downward-sliding Wah Filter with slow rise time + some Chorus and a small Reverb Hall. A parked Wah effect. Sounds like Dire Strait's "Money for Nothing", or Boston's "Long Time". Pedal to heel = Clean rhythm sound, Pedal to toe = Vintage Tube screamer + Room. Basic grunge rhythm guitar patch. Great rhythm sound, useful with multiple guitar players in one band. Great overall rock/blues sound. Smooth Drive fuzz with dynamic Chorus, smooth Phaser, a Detuner and a nice Room. Good for comping Chord work. A thick, fuzzed and phased effect, good for choppy comping chords. Pedal controls the amount of low end. Set pedal to toe for thin fuzzed sound. Feed the G-Force with a clean setting, and have a little crunch. Good for rhythm. Gives you that crunch with a loose bottom that you know from older tube amps. Good for rhythm. Gets that mid-rangy sound. Great rhythm sound. Compressed Country twang. Slow semi-resonant Flange in a very small "box" like reverb. Good for distorted chunks. Slow rolling Flanger with feedback. Slow moving reverb. Great for clean ballad leads. Steve Lukather, Mike Landau, Dan Huff. Think big 80's sound. Add major solo overdrive. LA studio session player's clean sound. Smooth, pretty, Clean Shaven !! Van Halen Present = Pitch-shift / Past = Phaser. Select either Pitch or Filter effect button for era. Inspired by Miles Davis' guitarist Mike Stern. Jazzy Ultra "Womanizer" effect. A bright "LA-like" lead preset. Optional Pitch octave up. An all purpose preset ready for pop leadlines. A nice tail of Delay and Reverb. A bit of Delay reverb and chorus. Add a crunchy tone and enjoy the California feel. A Chorused lead sound inspired by guys like Mike Stern. A Reverb and Chorused Delay that will Chorus only your long notes. Dynamic Delays. The classic dull sound of an Echoplex with a slight moving detune to create flutter. Pedal to heel = no Delay / Pedal to toe = feeds the Delay input. Good for dream like application on clean sound. Fast subtle Phaser into detune and Dly/Verb wash + Chorus. Good for clean chords, fuzzed lead. Feed with a dirty setting. Chorus and a Delay slap makes it wide and full. Good for rhythm. Bryan May in Brighton Rock or Steve Vai on David Lee Roth's "Skyscraper" album. For Octave lead jazz lines a la Wes Montgomery. Pedal to heel = shimmering rhythm guitar / Pedal to toe = Added low octave. Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Rhythm Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead Lead