13  It suddenly comes to my mind that we need a Compressor in front of the Delay and Reverb. Let’s try to move the Delay and Reverb block: -   Press the > Arrow right to move to the Layout display. -   Dial the Value wheel to “Move R”. -   Dial the Parameter wheel fully counter clockwise and press Enter to move the two blocks to the right. -   Press the < Arrow left key once to select the Routing display. -   Place the cursor in the second position, first column and double click the Compressor bypass key. There you go, a Compressor in front of the Delay and Reverb blocks.  How to Delete or Replace a block  If you want to remove a block from a routing or just want to replace it e.g. change the Reverb into a Chorus, here is what you do: -   Press the Effects key. -   Press > Arrow right key to access the Routing display. -   Move the cursor to the block you want to remove, using the Parameter wheel. -   Dial the Value wheel counter clockwise until the block is black or until you see the new block you want, and press Enter. You could also just double click on the desired block. The Block is now removed or replaced.  How to Store your new preset  Now that we built a preset with Compressor, Delay and Reverb, it is time to Store. You can store very quickly using the same name or Store with a new name. This is the fast way: -   Press the Store key. -   Dial the Value wheel to select a storing space (G-Force defaults to the first empty User preset). -   Press Enter to Store with the same name. Here is what you should do after you found the right storing space, if you want to it store with a new name: -   Dial the Parameter wheel to the name line. -   Dial the Value wheel and press Enter to select a letter. -   When you finish the name, go to “Done” using the Value wheel and press Enter to Store.  Spillover from one preset to another can be obtained by using the same sub-algorithm and the right Mute mode in two following presets.  Example:   You want the tail Delay from one preset to ring out when you change to a none Delay preset, here is what you do: -   Enter the Edit Parameter display of the Delay in the first preset. -   Scroll down to “Mute mode” and select   “FX In”. -   Store that as preset 1. -   Use the exact same Delay setting and Mute mode in the next preset, but bypass the Delay block. -   Store that as preset 2. You are now able to change from preset 1 to preset 2 with the Delay ringing out.  How to connect the Modifiers  The G-Force has a number of extra internal modifiers that can create extra functions and make your presets play along with you, e.g. Envelope follower, ADSR, Pitch detector, etc. Here are a couple of examples and how to set them up. The starting point is the preset we just built in the above, or ROM preset #21.  Creating a ducking Delay  Right now you have a constant level of Delay, wouldn’t it be nice if the Delay only popped up in pauses where you do not play. Let’s try that: -   Press the Mod key to select the Matrix display. -   Scroll horizontal using the Value wheel until you see “ENV” (Envelope) in the top line. -   Scroll vertical using the Parameter wheel until you hit the point where “ENV” and Delay Outlevel meets. -   Press Enter to link the two parameters. Now you will hear the Delay follow the level of the Input, i.e. when you play, the Delay plays. But it would be more usable if the Delay played when you didn’t play, so let’s do that: -   Place the cursor on the connection spot (if it is not already there) and press Enter to dive into the link display.