22  using this function, you should select Fine or   Coarse. (Please refer to your MIDI device/Foot Controller owners manual to make sure which type the current product is using). If set to “disabled”, the G-Force will act as a standard MIDI product.  Bank size  The bank size is used to adapt the G-Force to different board manufacturers when recalling preset above #128. In most cases this parameter should be set at 128, but in some cases e.g. when using the Roland FC-200, it should be set at 100. The bank selection number contained in the program change is multiplied with this value and the program change number is added. Please refer to the manual of the board manufacturer for proper setting.  Sysex device ID  The Sysex ID of the G-Force.  Program change offset  With this parameter you are able to add or subtract to or from the incoming Prg. change; e.g. the incoming Prg. change is preset 123, and the offset is set to +1, the Prg. change will now be 124. The G-Force presets start at #1.  Mapping mode  Adjusts which bank the MIDI mapping should use: ROM,USER, CARD or Custom. This means that you can guide an incoming Prg. change to use the USER bank, or you can design your own MIDI map.  New Mapping Mode  An “External” mapping mode has been added. When External mapping mode is selected all presets in all banks can be accessed from an external MIDI device, via controller 0 (Coarse), plus a sent program change according to the following table. Bank Size must be set to 100 and the Fine/Coarse parameter must be set according to the sending device. These parameters are both set-up in the “I/O Setup - MIDI” menu. Please note that “Coarse” must be selected when a G•Minor is used as sending device. 0   0   Rom bank preset 1 to 100 0   1   Rom bank preset 101 to 200 0   2   Rom bank preset 201 to 225 0   3   User bank preset 1 to 100 0   4   Card Bank 1 preset 1 to 100 0   5   Card Bank 2 preset 1 to 100 --   --   -- 0   9   Card Bank 6 preset 1 to 99 The number of card banks available depends on the size of the PCMCIA card.  Custom Map  In the Custom Map you can decide what every incoming Prg. change should map to, using the “Map Program Change No.” and the “Into Preset” parameters.  Map Program change no.  Use this parameter to select the Prg. change you want to remap.  Into Preset  Use this parameter to set the new destination of the incoming program change.  MIDI Program Change Re-Transmit  The G-Force is capable of controlling the re-transmission of an incoming MIDI prg. change. This enables you to not only remap an incoming program change,but also to determine whether the current program change should be re-transmitted to other devices receiving MIDI information from the G-Force MIDI Output or not. A prg. change is re-transmitted on the G-Force MIDI Out connector, while the MIDI Thru connector transmits a copy of the signals received on MIDI In connector  Reset Custom Map  Place the cursor on this parameter and press Enter to Reset the Custom map.