51  The Simple Reverb is based on the same algorithm as the Advanced, but the number of parameters are reduced to 5. This makes it possible for you to set up the Reverb easily and quickly  Type  Sets the type of the Reverb, meaning the size and relationship between Predelay, Early reflections and Decay automatically. (See Advanced Reverb for further explanation). Types: Room, Club, Hall, Church, Cathedral, Grand Hall, Fast Decay, Slow Decay, Plate, Spring.  Decay time  Sets the length of the reverb decay from 0.01 - 20.0 seconds  Predelay  Allows adjustment of the predelay (the time until the first reflection appears) which is automatically set when choosing Type. Range +/-50.  Reverb level  Adjusts the combined Room level and the Decay level, and should be seen as a master level. The Room level and the Decay can be individually adjusted to another relation in the Room and Decay section of the algorithm. Range +/-50  Color  Sets the tonal color of the initial reflections. When set to Auto it is linked to High color Wool - Warm - Real - Clear - Bright - Crisp - Glass - Extreme.  Mix  This parameter sets the mix relation between the dry (direct) and the wet signal. If you are using G-Force as an insert effect this means that your direct signal goes through the G-Force.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Controls the output level of the Reverb block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  Output  The Output section contains a master output level control and a set of Speaker Filters. All parameters in the Out Section are global only, which means that they are not included when you store a preset.  Level  In the Output block, you will find an overall outlevel in addition to the potentiometer on the front panel. This Outlevel can be controlled via MIDI or pedal, set up in the I/O Setup, Control display via the Main Volume parameter. The Outlevel is not included in the preset.  Speaker Filters  The Speaker Filters are meant to roll off some high and low frequencies like a guitar cabinet would do. This will make it possible to rehearse with the G-Force on your home stereo using a preamp or pedal and a pair of headphones.  Filters  Sets the Speaker Filter On/Off.  Locut  The Locut filter cutoff frequency can be either 40 or 80Hz.  Hicut  The Hicut cutoff frequency can be 2,5kHz, 3kHz, 3,5kHz, 4kHz, 4,5kHz or 5kHz.