42  Cuts off frequencies lower than the selected frequency. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Highcut  Cuts off frequencies higher than the selected frequency. So if you feel that there is too much treble in your signal, you remove this by adjusting the highcut filter down. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect. Connect this parameter (Mix) to the Envelope follower in the Modifier Matrix to create dynamic delay.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Delay block.  Mute mode  See Mute mode in the introduction of this chapter.  DUAL DELAY  Time 1  Sets the delay time of the first Delay tap. Maximum delay time is 740 ms.  Time 2  Sets the delay time of the second Delay tap. Maximum delay time is 740 ms.  Tempo 1&2  The Tempo parameter sets the relationship to the global Tempo e.g. if you set it to 1/4T you will get quarter note triplets of the tapped tempo. 1/4 equals the BPM (tapped Tempo).  the Preset value and will not be affected by the Global Tempo.  Feedback 1 to 1/Feedback 2 to 2  Sets the amount of feedback from Delay 1 to 1 and from Delay 2 to 2. The sum of the four feedbacks is limited to 100%.  Feedback 1 to 2/ Feedback 2 to 1.  Sets the amount of cross feedback from Delay 1 to 2 and Delay 2 to 1.  Levels  Sets the level of each of the two delay lines.  Pan 1-2  Controls the panning of the two Delay taps. Connect a LFO to one or both of these parameters and you have an extra autopanner.  Lowcut 1-2  Cuts off frequencies lower than the selected frequency. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Highcut 1-2  Cuts off frequencies higher than the selected frequency. So if you feel that there is too much treble in your signal, you remove this by moving the highcut down. The slope of the filter is 12dB/octave.  Mix  Mix between direct sound and effect.  In Level  Controls the input level of the block.  Out Level  Controls the output level of the Delay block.