31  Tempo  Set the global tempo by tapping the Tempo key. The global tempo can be used as a common tempo guide in all presets. All Delay algorithms and all algorithms containing a speed are able to use the global tempo. Tapping a tempo into a Delay  All Delay and Speed parameters have links to the Global Tempo menu. This means that a tapped tempo can be used in any presets that have these parameters. To make the tempo fit your purpose, we added a subdivision in all these algorithms. All you have to do is set up which subdivision parameter you would like the tempo to divide into. Example: You want a Delay to perform 1/8 triplets. Go into the Edit parameter page of the Delay and select 1/8 T. Now you can just tap the BPM on the Tempo key (or via a pedal), and the Delay will automatically recalculate into 1/8 triplets in the current tempo. The same goes for all the algorithms containing Speeds. The algorithms able to use the global tempo are: Delay Chorus Flanger Phaser Tremolo Panner and modifiers LFO 1 LFO 2  The Tempo display  Tapping the Tempo key will cause the Tempo display to pop up, and the Billboard will be blinking at the current tempo. Both the Tempo display and the blinking Billboard will disappear automatically after a few seconds. In the Tempo display, you can see the BPM (Beats per minute) tapped in, or you can dial a BPM placing the cursor on Tempo, and dialing the Value Wheel. Maximum tempo - 300 BPM. Minimum tempo - 20 BPM.  Overide preset tempo at preset change  Controls whether the tempo should be influenced instantaneously at preset changes or if the new preset should await the next tapped tempo. Example: You are using a preset with a straight 1/4 note delay, and you tapped the tempo into the G-Force, let’s say 120 BPM, meaning that you have tapped a Global Tempo of 500 ms. Now you change preset, and the new preset is suppose to use 1/8 triplets. Do you want the preset to use the existing tempo right away, or do you want the preset to wait for the next tapped tempo.? Selecting Yes, will enable the presets to use the tempo instantaneously at preset changes.  Tempo controlled via pedal/MIDI  The Tempo can be tapped via the External input jack on the back panel of the G-Force or via a MIDI On/Off switch. That is setup in the I/O Setup, control display.  Tapped or dialed BPM Set override On/Off Tapped tempo in ms.